Update index.rst to explicitly link to the mozilla-l10n sites (#3078)
mozilla/pontoon: docs/index.rst

repositories that store the strings for an application. Supported external
sources include **Git**, **Mercurial** and **Subversion**.

Other Documentation
-------------------

Important additional Pontoon documentation can also be found at the following sites:

> `How To Use Pontoon <https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/localizer-documentation/tools/pontoon/>`_ (Mozilla Localizer Documentation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`How to localize with Pontoon <https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/localizer-documentation/tools/pontoon/>`_ (Mozilla Localizer Documentation)
```

> `Working with Pontoon <https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/documentation/tools/pontoon>`_ (Mozilla Internal Tools Documentation)

Reviewer: To make the distinction between the two docs clearer, I'd rename the link text:
- How To Use Pontoon  => How to localize with Pontoon
- Working with Pontoon => How to manage localizations on Pontoon

> `Working with Pontoon <https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/documentation/tools/pontoon>`_ (Mozilla Internal Tools Documentation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`How to manage localizations on Pontoon <https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/documentation/tools/pontoon>`_ (Mozilla Internal Tools Documentation)
```
